Simplify and reorg import docs (#6842)
treeverse/lakeFS: docs/howto/import.md

### Prerequisites

#### Which lakeFS users can import data?
By default, users in the Supers (ACL) group or the SuperUsers (RBAC) group have all the required permissions to import data.
See [below](#permissions-required-to-import-data) for the exact permissions required.

#### Permissions to the storage provider

> The _lakeFS server_ must have permissions to list the objects in the source object store,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The _lakeFS server role_ must have permissions to list the objects in the source object store,
```
?

and the source bucket must be in the same region of your destination bucket.

### Using the lakeFS UI

1. In your repository's main page, click the _Import_ button to open the import dialog:

>    ![img.png]({% link assets/img/UI-Import-Dialog.png %})

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ![lakeFS UI import dialog]({% link assets/img/UI-Import-Dialog.png %})
```

2. Under _Import from_, fill in the location on your object store you would like to import from.
3. Fill in the import destination in lakeFS 
4. Add a commit message, and optionally metadata.
5. Press _Import_

> Once the import is complete, the changes are merged into the destination branch.

Reviewer: Not sure about the word "merge".

### Using the CLI: _lakectl import_
The _lakectl import_ command acts the same as the UI import wizard. It commits the changes to a dedicated branch, with an optional
flag to merge the changes to a selected branch.

<div class="tabs">
<ul>
  <li><a href="#import-tabs-1">AWS S3 or S3 API Compatible storage</a></li>
  <li><a href="#import-tabs-2">Azure Blob</a></li>
  <li><a href="#import-tabs-3">Google Cloud Storage</a></li>
</ul>
<div markdown="1" id="import-tabs-1">
```shell
lakectl import \
  --from s3://bucket/optional/prefix/ \
  --to lakefs://my-repo/my-branch/optional/path/
```
</div>
<div markdown="1" id="import-tabs-2">
```shell
lakectl import \
   --from https://storageAccountName.blob.core.windows.net/container/optional/prefix/ \
   --to lakefs://my-repo/my-branch/optional/path/
```
</div>
<div markdown="1" id="import-tabs-3">
```shell
lakectl import \
   --from gs://bucket/optional/prefix/ \
   --to lakefs://my-repo/my-branch/optional/path/
```
</div>
</div>

### Limitations

1. Importing is only possible from the object storage service in which your installation stores its data. For example, if lakeFS is configured to use S3, you cannot import data from Azure.

> 2. For security reasons, if you are using lakeFS on top of your local disk, you need to enable the import feature explicitly. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. For security reasons, if you are using lakeFS with the local blockstore, you need to enable the import feature explicitly. 
```

   To do so, set the `blockstore.local.import_enabled` to `true` and specify the allowed import paths in `blockstore.local.allowed_external_prefixes` (see [configuration reference]({% link reference/configuration.md %})).
   Since there are some differences between object-stores and file-systems in the way directories/prefixes are treated, local import is allowed only for directories. 

> 3. lakeFS cannot manage your metadata if you make changes to data in the original bucket.
>    Making changes to data in the original bucket will not be reflected in lakeFS, and may cause inconsistencies.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Making changes to data in the original bucket will not be reflected in lakeFS, and may cause inconsistencies. 
```

Reviewer: Not scary enough! 👻 
```suggestion
3. Making changes to data in the original bucket will not be reflected in lakeFS, and will cause inconsistencies. 
```

### Permissions required to import data

> The lakeFS user running the import command should have the following permissions in lakeFS:
> `fs:WriteObject`, `fs:CreateMetaRange`, `fs:CreateCommit`, `fs:ImportFromStorage` and `fs:ImportCancel`.
> The first three permissions above are available by default to the Developers group ([RBAC]({% link reference/security/rbac.md %})) or the
> Writers group ([ACL]({% link reference/security/access-control-lists.md %})).
> The `fs:Import*` permissions are only available to the Supers (ACL) group or the SuperUsers (RBAC) group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RBAC on lakeFS Cloud and Enterprise allows you fine-grained control of permissions to import.  The lakeFS user running the import command should have the following permissions in lakeFS:
`fs:WriteObject`, `fs:CreateMetaRange`, `fs:CreateCommit`, `fs:ImportFromStorage` and `fs:ImportCancel`.
The first three permissions above are available by default to the Developers group ([RBAC]({% link reference/security/rbac.md %})) or the
Writers group ([ACL]({% link reference/security/access-control-lists.md %})).
The `fs:Import*` permissions are only available to the Supers (ACL) group or the SuperUsers (RBAC) group.
```

Author: Important note, I'm trying something else
